game_tips
{
	"tip"	"Each class has its own set of advantages and disadvantages. For example, the Tank may have a lot of health and firepower, but he moves very slowly. When you go to choose a class, make sure you are aware of these pros and cons. Of course, you can always find them out for yourself through trial and error!"
	"tip"	"You can change your class anytime by opening the class menu ('m' key by default). If you are alive when you do it, changes will take effect when you respawn."
	"tip"	"As you complete objectives and kill enemies, you gain experience. Gain enough experience and you will level up, which gives you two additional upgrade credits. You can use these upgrade credits to purchase exciting new weapons and upgrades via the upgrade menu ('n' key by default)."
	"tip"	"If you ever feel the need to reset your account on a server, simply open up your upgrade menu ('n' key by default) and select the 'Reset Player Account' button. This will bring you back to level one with no upgrade credits or experience."
	"tip"	"Statistics are saved on a per-server basis. That means everytime you join a new server, you essentially have to start over. The benefit of this system is that you can reset your account on one server without losing your progress on any other servers."
	"tip"	"Ever feel the need to spectate while you are already in-game? Just open up the spectator menu (',' key by default) and select the 'Spectate' button. You can use this menu whenever you are ready to join the fight again."
	"tip"	"A majority of Lethal Stigma servers will probably have gamemode voting enabled. If this is the case, you can press your voting key ('v' by default) anytime to vote for the gamemode you would like to play."
	"tip"	"Some maps support all of Lethal Stigma's many gamemodes while others only support some of them. This is because some maps lend themselves to particular gamemodes more so than others."
	"tip"	"Supported gamemodes are determined exclusively by the map you are playing on. If you would like to play a certain gamemode that is not supported by the map you are playing on, wait until the map is changed, then try again."
	"tip"	"The effectiveness of upgrades is often determined by the map you are playing on. If you find your current upgrades are not to your liking, you can always reset your upgrade points via the upgrade menu ('n' key by default) by selecting the 'Reset Upgrades' button."
	"tip"	"Some maps lend themselves to a certain class based on their layout and openness. On ls_coast for example, you might find that many players choose to be a Sniper. Take advantage of this tendency by choosing the class that counters a Sniper, like the Assault."
	"tip"	"Every class counters another class, some more so and more often than others. Of course, each enemy is different, so don't always expect to kill an Assault as a Medic."
	"tip"	"Some upgrades are passive while others are not. While passive upgrades are activated and deactivated automatically, non-passive upgrades need to be toggled by pressing a specific key. For example, by default the 'b' key will toggle the AUX Penetration upgrade - assuming you have purchased it via the upgrade menu ('n' key by default)."
	"tip"	"You can get additional experience on top of killing other players by getting headshots, killing your opponent with a melee weapon or even using explosives to obliterate your target. Kill streaks will also earn you additional experience. These small contributions to your overall experience can really add up over time."
	"tip"	"Killing a player who is a higher level than you will earn you additional experience. Likewise, killing lower level players will only give you the bare minimum experience per kill. So remember, pick on someone your own size. Or even better, pick on those who are bigger than you!"
	"tip"	"Always try to stay around your teammates, assuming you have any. You can use your radar and the team-based sprites system to keep track of your allies on the battlefield. This is especially useful on larger, more complex maps."
	"tip"	"You are at the mercy of the server. Some features and gamemodes might be disabled depending on the type of server you join, so always have a look at the server's name and MOTD before committing. The worst thing that can happen is that you spend a lot of time playing on a server you end up hating."
	"tip"	"Developers are friendly! If you see one on the server you are playing on, be sure to say 'hi!' Don't worry, they don't bite - much."
	"tip"	"Lethal Stigma has its own website and community! Be sure to check out www.lethalstigma.com and join in on the fun."
	"tip"	"Please report any possible bugs you find to the development team via the forums on our website @ www.lethalstigma.com! We test our releases thoroughly before making them available to the public for downloading, but chances are some problems slipped by our developers and dedicated private beta testers at some point."
	"tip"	"You can submit any suggestions or requests via the forums on our website @ www.lethalstigma.com! Just be sure your idea has not already been suggested before posting it."
	"tip"	"In the Capture the Flag gamemode, you will not earn experience for killing anyone but the flag carrier. To compensate for this, the winning team will be handsomely rewarded with additional experience."
	"tip"	"Assuming a server is operating under a time limit, the time remaining for the current map is displayed in the top left-hand corner of your HUD. When time runs out, the game is over and the map is changed automatically. The name of the current gamemode will also be displayed in this area of the HUD."
	"tip"	"Engineers are unique because they can drop down automated turrets, convert an enemy team's deployed turret to their team ('e' by default) and move friendly turrets and other physics objects around with their gravity gun."
	"tip"	"Being a Medic is an excellent way to earn additional experience by healing teammates with health kits ('MOUSE2' by default). You only get one health kit when you spawn as a Medic and you can only hold one at a time, but if you are not carrying one you can always get more from an ammo crate. Of course, you can always heal yourself ('MOUSE1' by default), but you will not gain additional experience."
	"tip"	"When choosing upgrades, it is best to purchase ones that make up for the disadvantages of your class. For example, if you are a Medic, having upgrades that focus on regenerating your health is ideal because you start with less health by default than any other class in the game. Of course, there are several exceptions to this rule, especially when referring to the Tank."
	"tip"	"If you have your own game tip that you would like to see added here in the next public release, you can always post it on the forums on our website @ www.lethalstigma.com!"
}